and when the seventh month had come and
and when the seventh month had come and the children of Israel were in the
the children of Israel were in the
the children of Israel were in the cities the people gathered together as
cities the people gathered together as
cities the people gathered together as one man to Jerusalem then joshua the son
one man to Jerusalem then joshua the son
one man to Jerusalem then joshua the son of josedech and his brethren the priests
of josedech and his brethren the priests
of josedech and his brethren the priests and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and
and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and
and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and his brethren arose and built the altar
his brethren arose and built the altar
his brethren arose and built the altar of the God of Israel to offer burnt
of the God of Israel to offer burnt
of the God of Israel to offer burnt offerings on it as it is written in the
offerings on it as it is written in the
offerings on it as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God no fear had
law of Moses the man of God no fear had
law of Moses the man of God no fear had come upon one because of the people of
come upon one because of the people of
come upon one because of the people of those countries they set the altar on
those countries they set the altar on
those countries they set the altar on its basis and they offered burnt
its basis and they offered burnt
its basis and they offered burnt offerings on it to the Lord but the
offerings on it to the Lord but the
offerings on it to the Lord but the morning and evening burnt offerings they
morning and evening burnt offerings they
morning and evening burnt offerings they also kept the Feast of the Tabernacles
also kept the Feast of the Tabernacles
also kept the Feast of the Tabernacles as it is written and offered the daily
as it is written and offered the daily
as it is written and offered the daily burnt offerings in the number required
burnt offerings in the number required
burnt offerings in the number required by ordinance for each day afterwards
by ordinance for each day afterwards
by ordinance for each day afterwards they offered the regular burnt offering
they offered the regular burnt offering
they offered the regular burnt offering and those four new moons and for all the
and those four new moons and for all the
and those four new moons and for all the appointed feasts of the Lord that were
appointed feasts of the Lord that were
appointed feasts of the Lord that were consecrated and those of everyone who
consecrated and those of everyone who
consecrated and those of everyone who willingly offered a free will offering
willingly offered a free will offering
willingly offered a free will offering to the Lord from the first day of the
to the Lord from the first day of the
to the Lord from the first day of the seventh month they began to offer burnt
seventh month they began to offer burnt
seventh month they began to offer burnt offerings to the law although the
offerings to the law although the
offerings to the law although the foundation of the temple of the Lord had
foundation of the temple of the Lord had
foundation of the temple of the Lord had not been laid they also gave money to
not been laid they also gave money to
not been laid they also gave money to the Masons and the carpenters and food
the Masons and the carpenters and food
the Masons and the carpenters and food drink and oil to the people of Sidon and
drink and oil to the people of Sidon and
drink and oil to the people of Sidon and tyre to bring cedar logs from Lebanon to
tyre to bring cedar logs from Lebanon to
tyre to bring cedar logs from Lebanon to the sea to Joppa according to the
the sea to Joppa according to the
the sea to Joppa according to the permission which they had from Cyrus
permission which they had from Cyrus
permission which they had from Cyrus king of Persia now in the second month
king of Persia now in the second month
king of Persia now in the second month of the second year of their coming to
of the second year of their coming to
of the second year of their coming to the house of God at Jerusalem suribabu
the house of God at Jerusalem suribabu
the house of God at Jerusalem suribabu the son of shealtiel joshua the son of
the son of shealtiel joshua the son of
the son of shealtiel joshua the son of josedech and the rest of their brethren
josedech and the rest of their brethren
josedech and the rest of their brethren the priests and the Levites and all
the priests and the Levites and all
the priests and the Levites and all those who had come out of the captivity
those who had come out of the captivity
those who had come out of the captivity to jerusalem began work and appointed
to jerusalem began work and appointed
to jerusalem began work and appointed the leaflets from twenty years old and
the leaflets from twenty years old and
the leaflets from twenty years old and above to oversee the work of the house
above to oversee the work of the house
above to oversee the work of the house of the law
of the law
of the law then Joshua with his sons and brothers
then Joshua with his sons and brothers
then Joshua with his sons and brothers kadmiel with his sons and the sons of
kadmiel with his sons and the sons of
kadmiel with his sons and the sons of Judah arose as one to oversee those
Judah arose as one to oversee those
Judah arose as one to oversee those working on the house of God the sons of
working on the house of God the sons of
working on the house of God the sons of henna dad with their sons and their
henna dad with their sons and their
henna dad with their sons and their brethren the Levites when the builders
brethren the Levites when the builders
brethren the Levites when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the
laid the foundation of the temple of the
laid the foundation of the temple of the Lord the priest stood in their apparel
Lord the priest stood in their apparel
Lord the priest stood in their apparel with trumpets and the Levites the sons
with trumpets and the Levites the sons
with trumpets and the Levites the sons of Asaph with symbols to praise the Lord
of Asaph with symbols to praise the Lord
of Asaph with symbols to praise the Lord according to the ordinance of David king
according to the ordinance of David king
according to the ordinance of David king of Israel and they sang responsively
of Israel and they sang responsively
of Israel and they sang responsively praising and giving thanks to the Lord
praising and giving thanks to the Lord
praising and giving thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy endures
for he is good for his mercy endures
for he is good for his mercy endures forever toward Israel then all the
forever toward Israel then all the
forever toward Israel then all the people shouted with a great shout when
people shouted with a great shout when
people shouted with a great shout when they praise the Lord because the
they praise the Lord because the
they praise the Lord because the foundation of the house of the law was
foundation of the house of the law was
foundation of the house of the law was laid but many of the priests and Levites
laid but many of the priests and Levites
laid but many of the priests and Levites and heads of the father's houses old men
and heads of the father's houses old men
and heads of the father's houses old men who had seen the first temple wept with
who had seen the first temple wept with
who had seen the first temple wept with a loud voice when the foundation of this
a loud voice when the foundation of this
a loud voice when the foundation of this temple was laid before their eyes yet
temple was laid before their eyes yet
temple was laid before their eyes yet many shouted aloud for joy so that the
many shouted aloud for joy so that the
many shouted aloud for joy so that the people could not discern the noise of
people could not discern the noise of
people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the
the shout of joy from the noise of the
the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people for the people
weeping of the people for the people
weeping of the people for the people shouted with a loud shout and the sound
shouted with a loud shout and the sound
shouted with a loud shout and the sound was heard afar off